it was how i would call let me tell you
about that song okay saya saya sings
this song and it's what the heck kind of
song is that and she's on the rooftops
singing she's weird but in the japanese
it's all acapella and if you've noticed
the japanese they don't care about
matching flaps so much but you really do
so trying to take this acapella song
have it be in the same timing as the
japanese yet find some words that match
the shape of her mouth which at times
were really strange we try to do all
three of those sometimes we got into it
two and three men yeah so it was very
difficult song um she has a weirdo
character voice to a song unto
what you seeing um piano song weird song
PRC's weird songs too I'm used to doing
hers I've never been asked to sing sigh
a song before sighs come outside
okie dokie a shooting star streaks in
hockey hockey Becky the moon glows
brightly you got you got you ready
napping so we slowly in the ocean double
stars then somebody came along and wave
their special magic one spreading the
magic 20
good